Appraise: You can appraise common or well-known objects.|Intelligence
Balance: You can walk on a precarious surface.|Dexterity
Bluff: A Bluff check is opposed by the target’s Sense Motive check.|Charisma
Climb: With a successful Climb check, you can advance up, down, or across a slope, a wall, or some other steep incline (or even a ceiling with handholds) at one-quarter your normal speed.|Strength
Concentration: You must make a Concentration check whenever you might potentially be distracted (by taking damage, by harsh weather, and so on) while engaged in some action that requires your full attention. Such actions include casting a spell, concentrating on an active spell, directing a spell, using a spell-like ability, or using a skill that would provoke an attack of opportunity.|Constitution
Craft: A Craft skill is specifically focused on creating something.|Intelligence
Decipher Script: You can decipher writing in an unfamiliar language or a message written in an incomplete or archaic form.|Intelligence
Diplomacy: You can change the attitudes of others (nonplayer characters) with a successful Diplomacy check.|Charisma
Disable Device: Attempt to disable a device, like traps. The Disable Device check is made secretly, so that you don’t necessarily know whether you’ve succeeded.|Intelligence
Disguise: Allow you to disguise yourself. Your Disguise check result determines how good the disguise is, and it is opposed by others’ Spot check results.|Charisma
Escape Artist: Attempt to free yourself from various movement impairing objects (like ropes and manacles).|Dexterity
Forgery: Allow you to create false documents. Forgery requires writing materials appropriate to the document being forged, enough light or sufficient visual acuity to see the details of what you’re writing, wax for seals (if appropriate), and some time.|Intelligence
Gather Information: Attempt to gather some informations. A Gather Information check get you a general idea of a city’s major news items, assuming there are no obvious reasons why the information would be withheld. The higher your check result, the better the information.|Charisma
Handle Animal: Allow you to teach, train or influence an animal.|Charisma
Heal: Performa various tasks to save a dying character, like First Aid and Poison/Disease Treating.|Wisdom
Hide: Hide yourself. Your Hide check is opposed by the Spot check of anyone who might see you. You can move up to one-half your normal speed and hide at no penalty.|Dexterity
Intimidate: Attempt to intimidate a target. If you beat your target’s check result, you may treat the target as friendly, but only for the purpose of actions taken while it remains intimidated.|Charisma
Jump: Your Jump check is modified by your speed. If your speed is 30 feet then no modifier based on speed applies to the check. If your speed is less than 30 feet, you take a -6 penalty for every 10 feet of speed less than 30 feet. If your speed is greater than 30 feet, you gain a +4 bonus for every 10 feet beyond 30 feet.|Strength
Knowledge: You already know that! You have the knowledge of a field of study, and you can use it at your own advantage.|Intelligence
Listen: Attempt to listen to a conversation or a sound.|Wisdom
Move Silently: Attempt to not draw attention on you while moving.|Dexterity
Open Lock: Attempt to lockpick a lock.|Dexterity
Perform: You can perform actions like Dancing and Singing. Each of the nine categories of the Perform skill includes a variety of methods, instruments, or techniques.|Charisma
Profession: You are a craftsman. You can practice your trade and make a decent living, earning about half your Profession check result in gold pieces per week of dedicated work. You know how to use the tools of your trade, how to perform the profession’s daily tasks, how to supervise helpers, and how to handle common problems.|Wisdom
Ride: Ride a mount. A DC is required only for special actions, like Leap or Cover.|Dexterity
Search: Search for something. You generally must be within 10 feet of the object or surface to be searched.|Intelligence
Sense Motive: A successful check lets you avoid being bluffed. You can also use this skill to determine when “something is up” (that is, something odd is going on) or to assess someone’s trustworthiness.|Wisdom
Sleight Of Hand: You can perform various tasks with small objects, like Hiding them or Stealing.|Dexterity
Speak Language: You speak the selected language.|None
Spellcraft: Allow you to identify spells as they are cast or spells already in place.|Intelligence
Spot: The Spot skill is used primarily to detect characters or creatures who are hiding.|Wisdom
Survival: You can keep yourself and others safe and fed in the wild.|Wisdom
Swim: Make a Swim check once per round while you are in the water.|Strength
Tumble: You can land softly when you fall or tumble past opponents.|Dexterity
Use Magic Device: You can use this skill to read a spell or to activate a magic item.|Charisma
Use Rope: Attempt to use a rope. Most tasks with a rope are relatively simple.|Dexterity